What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What's your favorite number? Why?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What's the most useful thing you own?
What's your favorite way to waste time?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Where did you go last weekend? / What did you do last weekend?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
What's the best / worst thing about your work / school?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
Have you ever saved an animal's life? How about a person's life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time / day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What's your favorite season? Why?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn't bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What was the best period of your life so far? What do you think will be the best period of your entire life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
Who is someone popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you've met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you've ever received?
What's the best show currently on TV / Netflix?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons / Anime did you watch as a child?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What's the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What is the most overrated movie?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
What's the worst movie you have seen recently?
What's the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was the last book you read?
What was your favorite book as a child?
What book genres do you like to read?
How fast do you read?
What book has influenced you the most?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What book has changed one of your long-held opinions?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than 50 years ago?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What's the best way to discover new music?
How has technology changed the music industry?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
How often do you check your phone?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What do you wish your phone could do?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
What was your first smartphone? How did you feel when you got it?
Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn't.)
Which sports do you like to play
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or playing the sport more fun? Why?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What's the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard happened at a restaurant?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were a child?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What's the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
What was the most overhyped place you've traveled to?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
What's the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What personal goals do you have?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How much do you plan for the future?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in the spring?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which season are you most active in?
What's the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
What is your favorite holiday?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays? Why?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
What will the future of education be?
What do you think of homeschooling?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What do you think of buffets?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What food do you know you shouldn't eat but can't stop yourself?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time. What do you do with it?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one-hour conversation, who would you call?
What game are you really into now?
Do you prefer mobile or PC / console games?
What do you think would be the most useful thing you could do with virtual reality?
What would be the most entertaining or interesting thing you could do with VR (virtual reality)?
Do you think that VR (virtual reality) will become mainstream in the near future?
How concerned about privacy are you?
Do you think all the hype about privacy is warranted?
Would you buy a self-driving car if it was affordable?
Who is the most interesting person you follow?
Is there anything you are naturally good at?
What social media platform do you use most often?
Which social media platforms do you not get?
How much time do you spend on social media?
Are there any social media outlets that you don't like but have to be on them because of friends or family?
Do you know any other languages?
What words do you know in other languages?
What is the most useful language to know?
What do you think would be the hardest language to learn?
When are you happiest?
What do you think leads to long term happiness?
Can a person learn to be happier?
What do you do that makes you happy in the short term but makes you unhappy in the long term?
Do you think people are happier on average now than they were in the past?
What stereotypes apply to you? Do you think they are accurate?
What is the coolest thing you've seen an animal do?
Besides dogs or domestic cats do you have any favorite animals?
What's the most interesting fact you know?
What are some things that are bandied about as facts but aren't true?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Where do you get your news?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What's something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What's the most expensive thing you've broken?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
How do you judge a person?